'flow' is a communication system

goal:
-----
'flow' will move your messages in protected mode

'your messages' means messages from you + message for you

using certificates for transport security (TLS) and content encryption, 'flow'
will enable you to exchange messages securely not only using insecure networks
but also using untrusted message exchange servers.

the system will give you near realtime and asynchronous message exchange and
message distribution capability

because all 'flow' data are secure, they may be stored anywhere for unlimited
time. so, if you lose your message history or dialog history, you should be able
to recall all of them from the 'flow' server you used, given, the server stores
your messages

messages are stored encrypted at any time anywhere as long as 'flow' stores
them. so even on your system they are secure. as secure as you treat
your systems security of course.

because of the basic mechanisms of 'flow' it is not a good idea to bind it
to other social networks or similar. 'flow' is for secure and trusted 
message exchange, social networks are for fast and open message exchange.
if you use 'flow', your are interested in privacy. I can not see any  reason
to compromise your and your messaging partners privacy by open a hole in
the system.

you're in command about your messages. you dictate who will be able to
read your messages and so ensure who is going to receive them.
this way, even if the 'flow' server(s) you will use is not trustworthy,
it is able to supress deliveries, but not to read your messages as long
as you and your message recievers stay trustworthy (keep their secrets)

DATA MUST FLOW!


'flow' will
-----------
enable you to exchange messages even through smartphones and tablet computers
enalbe you to build protected groups to communicate with


for security reason 'flow' may never
------------------------------------
enable unsafe message exchange
have an official MS Windows version
become an official HTTP(S) interface
become able to exchange data with other social networks


'flow' is not 
-------------
a public social community system
a system to exchange data with public social community systems


current status
--------------
the server is able to receive data from the client and keeps them in his memory
the client is able to connect to a remote server and send a message there

next steps
----------
the client should be able to request messages from the server and recontruct
the client should remember some important command line information

TLS on all your ways
data compression
data encryption
